# Week of 02/01/2026 - 02/07/2026

## Meeting Start Time

2026/02/01/10:00

## Meeting End Time

2026/02/01/10:45

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Alec, Chris, Trinity, Christian, Dominic

## Minute Recorder

Alec

## Topics Discussed

- the UI violation assignment - fixed inconsistencies in button color choice across the project. 
- Iteration 4 features - assigned features and discussed goals for the iteration
- Discussed PR and git usage/strategies
- Assigned everyone to add their features to the Github project page

## Things Clarified

Alec - packets, custom field
Christian - favorites tab
Christopher - packets, input types?
Dominic - Audit trail expansion
Trinity - Send to all clients after signing, edit clients

Bug fix due Thursday
